Swope 13 WIP-do not merge (#4846)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: health_metrics/health_metrics.adoc

  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app: standalone-subscription-metrics
----

. Create a _Role_ for setting the permissions for monitoring:

----
oc apply -f
----

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: Role
metadata:
  name: prometheus-k8s-monitoring
  namespace: open-cluster-management
rules:
- apiGroups:
  - ""
  resources:
  - services
  - endpoints
  - pods
  verbs:
  - get
  - list
  - watch
- apiGroups:
  - extensions
  resources:
  - ingresses
  verbs:
  - get
  - list
  - watch
- apiGroups:
  - networking.k8s.io
  resources:
  - ingresses
  verbs:
  - get
  - list
  - watch
EOF
----

. Create a _RoleBinding_ for Binding the _Role_ to Prometheus’ monitoring
_ServiceAccount_:

____
Note: for _OCP_ _subjects[0].namespace_ should be
`+openshift-monitoring+`.
____

----
oc apply -f
----

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: prometheus-k8s-monitoring-binding
  namespace: open-cluster-management
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: Role
  name: prometheus-k8s-monitoring
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: prometheus-k8s
  namespace: monitoring
----

> . Verification In `+Prometheus+`’s dashboard, run the following query to look up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify which metrics are reported by the Subscription Operator Metrics Service from the _Prometheus_ dashboard. Run the following command:
```

> metrics reported by the Subscription Operator Metrics Service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
